15 February 2017, 6 am..
Incheon International airport is always the first scene for [LOOΠΔ TV]
ViVi : (Hello for the first time) Hello~
ViVi : I’m ViVi of LOOΠΔ~
Everything is unfamiliar and awkward to her!
HaSeul : It’s your first shooting overseas, how do you feel?
ViVi : It’s good to go Hong Kong... and New Zealand~
HaSeul : ViVi is oldest but sometimes looks a youngest member among us~
It’s time to eat strawberry!
HeeJin: STRAWBERRY!!
'It’s not washed~'
HaSeul : But you know, eating not washed fruit can be good for your health at times…
HeeJin & HaSeul : Especially immunity~
HeeJin: Yeah, right~
HaSeul : Ms. HeeJin, you know how to eat strawberry~
HyunJin looks so hungry…
ViVi : (Essential vocabulary) It’s delicious~
HeeJin : We’re just about to take an airplane~
HyunJin : I’m going to sleep~
They looks happy, but this trip was most tough.
New episode of LOOΠΔ TV will start soon!
HeeJin: Good night~